#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-stubs
astroid==2.13.5
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
dill==0.3.9
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework
django-stubs==5.1.0
    # via djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==5.1.0
    # via django-stubs
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework-stubs==3.15.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
edx-lint==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
faker==30.8.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via astroid
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mongomock==4.2.0.post1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
mypy==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via mypy
mysqlclient==2.2.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-atlas==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mongomock
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pylint==2.15.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pyproject-api==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mongomock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
sentinels==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   mongomock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via pylint
tox==4.23.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240917
    # via
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   faker
    #   mypy
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via astroid
