#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via tox
camel-converter[pydantic]==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   meilisearch
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coverage[toml]==7.6.4
    # via pytest-cov
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-search
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-utils==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
    #   event-tracking
    #   openedx-events
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   openedx-events
edx-search==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-search
    #   event-tracking
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-search
event-tracking==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-search
faker==30.8.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
meilisearch==0.31.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-search
mongomock==4.2.0.post1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
mysqlclient==2.2.5
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-atlas==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
openedx-events==9.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   mongomock
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   camel-converter
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pymongo==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   event-tracking
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.8.0
    # via tox
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   faker
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   event-tracking
    #   mongomock
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   meilisearch
sentinels==1.0.0
    # via mongomock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   event-tracking
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tox==4.23.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   faker
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.27.1
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
